add `package-plugin` action (#29)
grafana/plugin-actions: package-plugin/README.md

# Package plugin action

This GitHub Action automates the process of packaging Grafana plugins. It takes the source code of a Grafana plugin and transforms it into an archive file, preparing it for distribution.

## Features

- Builds Grafana plugin source code into an archive for distribution.
- Supports signing the plugin if a Grafana access token policy is provided.

## Usage

- Add this workflow to your GitHub repository as in the example.
- Set up the necessary environment variables and secrets, including the Grafana access token policy (if signing is desired).
- The action will build the plugin and create an archive that can be used by further steps of your workflow.

## Examples

### Package and upload the plugin

> This workflow will trigger on pushes to the `main` branch. Since this is not a versioned tag, the `build-plugin` workflow will not execute release steps, such as creating a GitHub release. Make use of this workflow, if you want to provide built plugins directly from your `main` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow will trigger on pushes to the `main` branch. Use of this workflow, if you want to provide built plugins directly from your `main` branch as artifacts without creating a release.

To build, package and release in a single action use [build-plugin](https://github.com/grafana/plugin-actions/tree/main/build-plugin)
```

```yaml

> name: Package and upload main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Package plugin and upload artifact
```

## Examples

### Package and upload the plugin

This workflow will trigger on pushes to the `main` branch. Use this workflow if you want to build plugins from your `main` branch as artifacts without creating a release.

To build, package and release in a single action use [build-plugin](https://github.com/grafana/plugin-actions/tree/main/build-plugin)

```yaml
name: Package plugin and upload artifact

on:
  workflow_dispatch:
  push:
    branches:
      - main # Run workflow on pushes to `main`

jobs:
  release:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4

      - uses: grafana/plugin-actions/package-plugin@main
        with:
          # see https://grafana.com/developers/plugin-tools/publish-a-plugin/sign-a-plugin#generate-an-access-policy-token to generate it
          # save the value in your repository secrets
          policy_token: ${{ secrets.GRAFANA_ACCESS_POLICY_TOKEN }}

      - name: Get plugin metadata
        id: metadata
        run: |
          sudo apt-get install jq

          export GRAFANA_PLUGIN_ID=$(cat src/plugin.json | jq -r .id)

>           export GRAFANA_PLUGIN_ARTIFACT=${GRAFANA_PLUGIN_ID}-main.zip

Reviewer: you should be using the outputs from the package-plugin action instead of composing the artifact file from the metadata.

          echo "plugin-id=${GRAFANA_PLUGIN_ID}" >> $GITHUB_OUTPUT

>           echo "archive=${GRAFANA_PLUGIN_ARTIFACT}" >> $GITHUB_OUTPUT

Reviewer: I got confused in this part. Just for clarity maybe you can call it "remove_archive_name"?

Author: Not sure which line you are referring to, but I guess the `mv ...` line? I renamed the step to `rename versioned archive to main-archive`.
